Technology Products & Associated Services 2
All UK public sector organisations can access technology hardware, software and services including end user devices, servers, storage, infrastructure devices, software licences and accessories.
This is the description of the Technology Products & Associated Services 2 agreement. 
Buy technology products, software and services to meet all your technology needs including (but not limited to):
end user devices: such as laptops, desktops, mobiles, and tablets
technology infrastructure: such as servers, storage, backup, data centres equipment, network hardware, hubs, routers, and switches
services including: installation such as data moves, changes, logistics support, product asset management, product and end user support, tech guidance and training
consumables: such as cabling, connectors, data storage and memory sticks
peripheral equipment: such as keyboards, mouse, screens, monitors and audio visual equipment
commercial off the shelf (COTS) software which is commercially ready-made and available for sale, ‘as a service’, lease, or licence and is generally sourced from resellers (for example, Microsoft, VMware, Google, Oracle, ServiceNow, antivirus software and adobe)
This agreement has a broad scope covering all your hardware products, software licensing and IT services. For more information about the products and services of each lot, read the products and services section.
The current agreement will run for 48 months.
The length of call-off contracts has not been limited. You can decide the length of your call-off contract.
This agreement is in partnership with ESPO (Eastern Shires Purchasing Organisation).

These are the benefits of the Technology Products & Associated Services 2 agreement. 
a wide range of products, software and services
high-quality suppliers including manufacturers, channel partners and resellers
no maximum call-off term
3 ways to buy: further competition, direct award and catalogue
sector specific lots and suppliers
supply chain assurance through our electronics watch affiliation which gives us better transparency data regarding supply chain violations for modern slavery and rights infringement
provides a variety of ways for you to get goods and services such as the leasing of goods, consumption models and as a service models
guidance and templates to support ease of use
Social Value
All suppliers for this agreement have agreed to providesocial valuethrough each customer’s Call-Off Contract. They comply with theProcurement Policy Note 06/20: ‘taking account of social value in the award of central government contracts’.
