Gigabit Capable Connectivity DPS
Offers fibre optic infrastructure services, such as broadband connectivity and infrastructure build that can be used by all UK public sector bodies.
This is the description of the Gigabit Capable Connectivity DPS agreement. 
This Dynamic Purchasing System (DPS) provides a platform for the procurement and supply of gigabit-capable network services including broadband connectivity and connectivity infrastructure build services.
TheGigabit Capable Connectivity DPS (RM6095)can be found on the DPS Marketplace. Scroll down to Gigabit Capable Connectivity, where you can access:
the bid pack
a list of clarification questions
the list of suppliers currently appointed to the agreement
the DPS as a buyer
the DPS as a supplier
Further information and guidance documents will be periodically uploaded in the ‘Documents’ tab below.
For the latest information on funding programmes supported by Building Digital UK (BDUK), part of the Department for Digital, Culture, Media & and Sport (DCMS), please visitGOV.UK.
For Buyers:If you want to applyto join the DPS, please register as a buyer here.
The DPS uses a filter system to help you find relevant suppliers for your needs. The filters available are as follows:
broadband connectivity services: gigabit-capable internet connectivity
infrastructure build services: build of connectivity infrastructure, not including services or internet connectivity
managed infrastructure services: connectivity access between two specific sites, inclusive of maintenance
You can also filter by:
location
accreditation and standards:Public Services Network (PSN)Health and Social Care Network (HSCN)Cyber Essentials Plus
Public Services Network (PSN)
Health and Social Care Network (HSCN)
Cyber Essentials Plus
For further information on the process for buyers, click on the ‘How to buy’ tab below and carefully review the guidance documents published in the ‘Documents’ tab.
For Suppliers:If you want to applyto join the DPS, please register as a supplier here.
Information guides on how to supply through the DPS are held inthe bid pack on the DPS Marketplace.Scroll down to Gigabit Capable Connectivity, then click on the associated bid pack.
Watch thisvideo for a step-by-step guide on the process of applying to the DPS platform.
If you have technical issues with the DPS system, including access, or if you have any questions during the DPS application process, please contact NQC: +44 (0)845 299 2994 or use the ‘Contact Us’ link at the bottom of the DPS Marketplace website.
If you wish to contact a member of CCS, please contact us by email quoting RM6095 Gigabit Capable Connectivity DPS and a member of our team will respond to you as soon as possible.

These are the benefits of the Gigabit Capable Connectivity DPS agreement. 
flexible contract length to suit your procurement
supports your organisation’s technology upgrade programme
savings from lower cost and or more efficient technologies
no lot restrictions, filter based on your requirements
developed with Department for Digital, Culture, Media and Sport (DCMS) to deliver fibre infrastructure and broadband services
continuously developing and innovative marketplace as suppliers join
