Print Marketplace
A self-service platform for buying printed material all over the UK, including brochures, flyers, leaflets, business cards, letterheads and other transactional print.
This is the description of the Print Marketplace agreement. 
Public sector organisations will be able to buy printed material in a click and buy way using thisself-service platform. It will cater to typically high volume print needs, with a range of cost effective pricing and across multiple suppliers. An overview video is available which highlights the benefits of Print Marketplace and how the system works.
Watch our overview video.
In a few simple steps, you can define your needs and decide which design option is best for you:
choose from a range of preloaded templates and easily upload your artwork
customise your design using the free and simple to use online design tool
use our team of designers – whether you need new concepts or tweaks to existing artwork
Once you’ve selected the right route for you, our instant pricing platform then provides quotes from a range of pre-approved suppliers. The platform will also provide the functionality to keep preferred local suppliers.
You can then compare quotes and use the filters to find the best solution for your needs. Whether that’s the lowest price, the most local supplier, or the quote with the lowest associated CO2 emissions.
Once you’re ready to arrange delivery, we make it easy to meet your social value obligations. Our carbon impact calculator recognises the environmental impact of each job and gives you the option to offset the carbon product CO2E cost.
Through this agreement you can source printed business and marketing material, including:
business cards
flyers
leaflets
forms
newsletters
textbooks
booklets
brochures
posters
pads
letterheads
small direct mail needs
We have partnered with Yorkshire Purchase Organisation (YPO) to develop Print Marketplace. Allied Publicity Services (Manchester) Ltd (APS) has been appointed to manage the platform.
The Print Marketplace agreement will be available across all of the UK for 4 years. All public sector organisations will be able to use this agreement.


These are the benefits of the Print Marketplace agreement. 
compare printing prices from trusted suppliers quickly and simply
an intuitive self-service platform (there is nothing to install and no licence needed)
design it your way (with help from our designers, an online self-design tool or using customisable templates)
expert advice that is sector specific (live chat functionality means our print experts are always able to help)
access to a wide range of pre-approved suppliers
instant pricing (easily find out the best price for buyers needs)
filter results based on your priorities (lowest price, delivery lead time or by distance to your location)
a carbon impact calculator recognises the environmental impact and gives the option to offset the carbon production Co2E cost
dynamic pricing (shows the current market conditions to make sure the best price is received through the approved supply chain)
a range of payment options available
retained order history for repeat purchases
