Transport Technology & Associated Services
Offers a wide range of transport technologies and services for the aviation, road, rail and maritime sectors.
This is the description of the Transport Technology & Associated Services agreement. 
Provides central government, UK wider public sector and UK Public sector Arm’s length bodies with transport related technology and replaces our currentTraffic Management Technology 2 agreement.
We have increased the scope of this agreement over 7 lots to include the following products and services:
transport engineering and design services
transport signage
pedestrian management and control systems
intelligent transport systems (such as, geographic, asset and environmental management and monitoring systems)
sustainable transport technologies (such as Clean Air Zone and Carbon Net Zero initiatives, environmental monitoring equipment and electric vehicle charging solutions)
transport gate systems (hardware and software)
cameras including Automated Number Plate Recognition (ANPR), CCTV and speed*
*Note: Government Departments have beeninstructedto cease deployment of visual surveillance systems onto sensitive sites, where it is produced by companies subject to the National Intelligence Law of the People’s Republic of China. If you have any questions about procurement of visual surveillance systems, please reach out to the transport technology team attransporttechnology@crowncommercial.gov.uk.
Transport Technology and Associated Services (TTAS) uses the Public Sector Contract (PSC) terms and conditions and also includes a catalogue which you can use to buy low value and low complexity goods and services. For example, cameras and associated services.
The agreement will run for 2 years and may be extended for a further 2 years.
CCS supports public sector deployment of Electric Vehicle (EV) infrastructure through two agreements:
Transport Technology and Associated Services (TTAS)
Vehicle Charging Infrastructure Solutions (VCIS) dynamic purchasing system (DPS)
Find out the key differences between the two andexplore some example procurement scenarios.

These are the benefits of the Transport Technology & Associated Services agreement. 
offers great value to the public sector through strengthening natural competition and value for money
Official Journal of the European Union (OJEU) limit value is £2.5 billion
standardised call-off contracts for customers to use
larger set of transport technology products and services compared to earlier iterations
hosts a range of suppliers who are familiar with and are up to date with governmentsCarbon Net Zero (CNZ)and Clean Air Zones (CAZ) requirements
access to 69 market leading suppliers
over 25% of suppliers are SMEs
