Leasing and Loan Finance DPS
This DPS provides government and public sector bodies  access to funding for the acquisition of an asset. The DPS offers a choice of financing options, including leasing and asset secured loans.
This is the description of the Leasing and Loan Finance DPS agreement. 
This Dynamic Purchasing System (DPS) acts as a funding platform, providing access to a range of lenders who can provide funding for a customer looking to acquire a new asset. The DPS offers a range of leasing options including:
hire purchase: also known as an instalment plan where the user will become the owner of the asset
finance lease: the finance company is (typically) the legal owner of the asset for the duration of the lease
operating lease: the supplier, permits the user (lessee), to use an asset for a period of time, which is shorter than the economic life of the asset, without any transfer of ownership
sale and leaseback:an arrangement where the company that sells an asset can lease back that same asset from the buyer
asset secured loans: this is where the borrower provides an asset (typically the one purchased with the loan) to secure a loan and, if the borrower doesn’t pay the loan, the lender can take ownership of the asset
For more detailed definitions for each of these leasing options, read the agreement specification.
As part of a twin commercial solution, this agreement is supported byRM6146 Leasing Advisory Services.
When using this DPS you can either:
choose to run a further competition directly with funders
appoint a leasing advisor through RM6146
The leasing advisor will then run a further competition to get funding through this DPS on your behalf.
Below is a list of four filter categories and a brief description. When registering to join the DPS a supplier will select which services they would like to offer from each of the four filter categories.
As a buyer, you will also need to use the filters to select which options are suitable for your needs. The options you select will create a shortlist of suitable suppliers.
Allows the supplier to select which areas of the public sector they are interested in lending to:
central government
ministry of defence
local authorities
health
education
other
Provides a choice of funding arrangements including:
hire purchase
operating lease
finance lease
sale and leaseback
loan (asset secured)
Suppliers can select to offer one or more funding options.
The majority of assets can be funded through the DPS with only a few exceptions:
fleet can be financed through this DPS where a Hire Purchase, Operating Lease or Finance Lease is neededwhere a Contract Hire is required, use ourVehicle Lease, Fleet Management & Flexible Rental Solutions agreement (RM6096)
where a Contract Hire is required, use ourVehicle Lease, Fleet Management & Flexible Rental Solutions agreement (RM6096)
property
Suppliers can choose the assets which they would consider funding.
Specifies the value of the asset being funded and allows suppliers to choose the value range they would consider funding. The asset value must be at least £2000 to get funding through the DPS, and we have not applied a maximum limit.

These are the benefits of the Leasing and Loan Finance DPS agreement. 
bespoke terms and conditions, drafted by a specialist law firm which simplifies the process and promotes fair competition
enthusiasm for this solution has attracted a wide range of lenders, providing value for money through competition
choose your route to market by accessing the DPS directly or by appointing a leasing advisor throughRM6146 Leasing Advisory Services
bespoke terms and conditions simplifies the legal construct for customers and ensures suppliers are pricing using the same standard terms
the CCS Outreach Programme led by CCS’ strategic account managers will engage with customers to build awareness and explain how the DPS can support their needs
CCS has engaged with both central government and wider public sector customers to support the development of the solution
