Records Information Management, Digital Solutions and Associated Services
Gives all public sector organisations access to storage, scanning, shredding and disposal services. Also provides support with NHS clinic preparation and transition to digital solutions through digital workflow and cloud.
This is the description of the Records Information Management, Digital Solutions and Associated Services agreement. 
This is a UK wide agreement which will replace the records management lots (4, 5 and 6) within the currentMultifunctional Devices, Managed Print and Content Services and Records and Information Management(RM3781).
You can access services such as physical storage, scanning and shredding. This agreement also offers services to support you in the planning, design and change to digital record solutions using workflow and cloud.
You can also use interim technical resources to support your own internal resources when needed.
This agreement is for buyers who need support to:
reduce their number of stored physical records
start the change to either a partial or full digital records solution
achieve estate rationalisation orGovernment Hubs programmes(providing a network of modern, digitally enabled, shared workspaces for the UK civil service)
gain access to interim technical resources for example, security architects and project managers
transfer records under the Public Records Act 30/20 year rule
use an NHS clinic preparation service for NHS patient records
We also offer services specific for central government who need support with identifying, selecting and transferring records of historical importance under the Public Records Act.
This agreement will run for 4 years, however customer call off can be up to 7 years. The expiry date for all 5 lots will be 22 March 2025.

These are the benefits of the Records Information Management, Digital Solutions and Associated Services agreement. 
flexible route to market using further competition or direct award
new services to reduce your physical records and merge paper documents into digital workflows
new to market clinic reparation services specific for NHS patient records
cloud based hosting using Software as a Service (SaaS), Platform as a Service (PaaS) or Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) and either through public, private or community cloud
services complement and supportGovernment Hubs Programmeand Estate Rationalisation Project(s)
uses the agreed Public Sector Contract (PSC) terms and conditions
