Occupational Health, Employee Assistance Programmes and Eye Care Services
Access proactive and preventative services as well as treatments to support employee physical and mental health and well-being.
This is the description of the Occupational Health, Employee Assistance Programmes and Eye Care Services agreement. 
Provides a solution for a range of occupational health services, employee assistance programmes and eye care requirements.
The available services reflect the needs and accessibility requirements of the modern and diverse workforce.This includes traditional occupational health services such as:
advice
referrals
health screening
surveillance
treatments
This agreement also offers innovative and preventative solutions such as, psychological screening and health surveillance, for a proactive approach to employee health and well-being. You will have the flexibility to choose the services that meet your specific needs.
The employee assistance programmes uses the latest technology, which allows employees to access support from mobile phone applications or through live chat at any time.
This agreement replacesOccupational Health, Employee Assistance Programmes and Eye Care (RM3795).It will run for 4 years with no possibility to extend.
You will be able to extend call off agreements past the framework expiry date without limitation. You can determine the length of your call off contract based on your individual needs.

These are the benefits of the Occupational Health, Employee Assistance Programmes and Eye Care Services agreement. 
we evaluated social value to make sure you benefit from the added values our suppliers can give
competitive market rates, guaranteed by maximum pricing for agreements (but with flexibility to accommodate exceptional needs)
CCS managed compliance checks to make sure suppliers follow the agreements T&C’s
dedicated framework contract management
opportunity to achieve commercial and change benefits by using technological solutions
regional lot which is unique to this agreement and in this field at the time of launch
