Trade Law Panel
Specialist legal advice and support for international trade law, disputes, and negotiations. Available to central government departments and devolved administrations.
This is the description of the Trade Law Panel agreement. 
This agreement is for customers who need to access specialist trade law advice and support.We created this agreement in partnership with the Department for International Trade.
Our suppliers provide specialist services in areas of international trade law and trade disputes, and negotiations across a range of jurisdictions.
These services include:
advice on all stages of international trade disputes
compliance with the law of the World Trade Organisation (WTO)
legal advice on the implementation of trade agreements
This allows buyers to access worldwide legal expertise through a simple route to market.
Designed to work alongside the following legal agreements:
General Legal Advice Services (RM3786)
Finance & Complex Legal Services (RM3787)
Rail Legal Services (RM3756)
The purpose of this agreement is to assist with international trade law, disputes and negotiations.
You can buy from this agreement in one of two ways (depending on your timescales and needs). These are:
further competition (including accelerated competitions)
direct award
This agreement will run for a period of 4 years, with no options to extend.

These are the benefits of the Trade Law Panel agreement. 
specialist scope–access to several different legal specialisms (services) in relation to international trade law and trade disputes and negotiations
–
flexible route to marketusing further competition or direct award
competitive rates and alternative fee arrangements (AFAs) –delivery of cashable savings through competitive rates (which offer reductions against market rates)
flexible terms and conditions –  based on the public sector contract (including alternative pricing models and the ability to set your own liability caps up to a maximum level)
volume discounts – many suppliers have provided discounts to their maximum rates (when the hours worked per call – off contract is more than 500 hours)
access to further value benefits –such as, secondments, sharing or transferring knowledge and collaboration
access to an initial consultation of up to 2 hours at the beginning of each call-off contract at no extra cost
regularcontract management activities including annual auditing of quality, benchmarking, quarterly Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) and monthly gathering of management information
