Print Management Services
Fully managed end to end print products and services, covering services such as bulk printing, direct mail and secure print.
This is the description of the Print Management Services agreement. 
A UK wide agreement available to all public sector organisations. This agreement is for customers who need the support and expertise of a print manager.
It will be made up of two lots:
lot 1 – single supplier and you can buy from this lot by direct award only
lot 2 – multiple suppliers and is available through further competition only
If you need access to a simple way to buy print and do not need the support of a print management supplier, you should use ourRM6071 Print Marketplace framework.
Services available under this agreement include:
command and house paper services (available through lot 1 only)
bulk printing
full range of print products (envelopes, labels, folders)
operational print (including brochures, leaflets, business cards, business stationary)
finishing services (binding, stamping, embossing or laminating)
direct mail and transactional print services
a range of alternative formats (such as easy read, large print, alternative languages, audio and braille)
secure print services and secure print items
print stock management and distribution
pre-production services (content creation, digital asset management, typesetting, proofreading and translation services)
digital solutions and transformation services including data and content across multiple platforms and devices, including email, SMS, and website
election print and election mailing services
You can also access associated print services along with your print needs. These services are not designed to be used separately and can only be accessed as part of an overall print management service. These services are:
scanning and microfiche services
secure shredding of confidential waste
media duplication services
This agreement will run for 4 years. Customer call-off contracts should be for up to 4 years and can begin any time before the end of the agreement. The duration of call-off contracts can be made up of either a full 4 years or for an initial period with options to extend. For example 2+1+1 years.
Command and House Paper Services
This service is set up for government organisations who need to lay documents before parliament. This service can only be accessed through lot 1 of this agreement.The lot 1 supplier can fully manage your Command and House Paper Service needs and will provide you with an end-to-end service. This will include all pre-production services (such as artworking, design and editorial services) and printing services as well as delivery into parliament.
All papers laid before parliament (including e-laying) need immediate paper copies to be available. We recommend contacting the Command and House team early so that your organisation can be set up on their system, in readiness for any papers that need to be laid from 1 August 2021.Contact the Command and House team.

These are the benefits of the Print Management Services agreement. 
a single place for all your printing needs
suppliers will manage the operational delivery of your print needs (including supply chain sourcing and management)
we can provide for complex print needs in a secure environment
suppliers will use their expertise and guidance to help you achieve savings
suppliers will help customers move away from traditional print solutions and offer support with digital solutions where needed
ability to define your specific needs during the call off process (such as working with local supply chains)
quality assurance
