Offsite Construction Solutions
All public sector organisations can access the design, fabrication, physical delivery, construction or installation and maintenance of prefabricated buildings. Includes direct access to manufacturers for a complete range of offsite construction solutions.
This is the description of the Offsite Construction Solutions agreement. 
Provides a simple, low-cost way to achieve your offsite solution needs. You can buy or hire offsite solutions that are designed and manufactured to your particular specification.
This agreement offers an alternative to a traditionally built environment.It provides a complete ‘turn key’ package solution, which means you can use this agreement to access everything you need for your offsite construction solution.
The framework offers both ‘3D volumetric modular’ which refers to entire units or rooms being built to a ‘finish’ in offsite factories and craned into place on site and also ‘2D panelised’ which refers to individual walls and floors being built at offsite facilities and then erected on site.
Suppliers can manufacture solutions off site and then transport them to site for installation, reducing disruption and lead time.
The services are provided both nationally or locally for both permanent and temporary buildings.
This agreement has 6 lots and  a number of sub-lots. All of the lots and sub-lots are listed in the products and suppliers section below.
If you are buying from lot 1 or its sub lots, you can ask for the DFE approved designs/drawings for classrooms, as stated in the specification for lot 1, by sending an email tooffsite@crowncommercial.gov.uk
There is no maximum contract length.
This agreement will run for 4 years, until 23 January 2027. There is an option to extend by 3 years, or until 23 January 2030.

These are the benefits of the Offsite Construction Solutions agreement. 
uses technology and modern methods of construction (MMC) to promote innovation and efficiency
supports sustainable industry, prompt payment, social value and carbon net zero initiatives
applies the principles of theconstruction playbook
offers a complete ‘turn key’ package solution, which means you can use this agreement to access everything you need for your offsite construction solution
we approve successful suppliers using a thorough selection process
customers can choose from a variety of different contracts, these are:
New Engineering Contract (NEC)Joint Contracts Tribunal (JCT)Project Partnering Contract (PC2000)Term Alliance Contract (TAC-1)
New Engineering Contract (NEC)
Joint Contracts Tribunal (JCT)
Project Partnering Contract (PC2000)
Term Alliance Contract (TAC-1)
provides value for money
standard prices: this means that the maximum prices for this agreement are fixed for the first two years of the framework agreement contractyou may be able to ensure further price reductions by running a further competition or through early contractor involvement and effective risk management in direct award
you may be able to ensure further price reductions by running a further competition or through early contractor involvement and effective risk management in direct award
lot structure opens up opportunities to SMEs to bid for public sector contracts
supports the use of whole life cost approaches in public sector spending (takes into account the total cost of a product or service over its lifetime)
