Communications Marketplace
A Marketplace for marketing and communications services to help UK government and public sector bodies run public service campaigns.
This is the description of the Communications Marketplace agreement. 
UK government and public sector organisations can access a wide range of specialist marketing and communications services from agencies across the UK and overseas.
The agreement uses a Dynamic Purchasing System (DPS) with a filtering system to help identify a shortlist of relevant agencies to invite to competition. Agencies can apply to join at any time throughout the life of the agreement. Registration is free and there is no limit on the number of agencies who can join the Marketplace. If you would like to be part of this agreement,apply to join.
The agreement covers:
creative development
direct marketing
sponsorship
events
production
Public Relations (PR)
social marketing and emerging channels
campaign coordination
marketing and advertising technology advice
data science
in-house agency services
recruitment advertising
partnerships
content aggregation marketing
marketing and communications strategy
marketing strategic advice and consultancy
data provision, management and augmentation
internal communications and engagement
innovation and experience
The Marketplace enables direct relationships with agencies of all sizes, who provide specialist expertise and niche services. You can choose an agency to work on a standalone basis or to support an integrated campaign.
The Communications Marketplace complements the Campaign Solutions 2 (RM6125) Framework Agreement. Campaign Solutions 2 provides access to longer term, strategic relationships for end to end campaign solutions.

These are the benefits of the Communications Marketplace agreement. 
broad range of marketing and campaign services to meet client needs
ability to shortlist agencies based on the needs of your brief (filter by: services, audience, outcome and location for delivery)
increased agility with an unlimited number of agencies providing flexible access to talent and specialist expertise to meet the changing needs of clients
agencies can apply to join at any time
low barrier to entry for SMEs with just a simple registration process
