Research & Insights
All public sector organisations can access social, economic and market research and behavioural insights services for projects of all sizes and values.
This is the description of the Research & Insights agreement. 
This Dynamic Purchasing System (DPS) provides you with services that will allow you to:
build knowledge and learning in the specific areas relevant to your organisation
inform the actions that you might want to take next, gather evidence and contribute to developing knowledge in a particular field of study
understand your audience, understand issues and increase public awareness
create informed policies and public service design based on research evidence
use a range of applied behavioural insights services
access media monitoring, analysis, evaluation and associated services
Research and Insights helps you to find relevant suppliers through a filtering system. You can use the filters to select the specific areas of work you are interested in. This will show you a range of suppliers in a shortlist that are capable of meeting your needs. The top four filter areas are:
subject area
research methods
participant groups
location
A full list of services available can be viewed in the scope overview document.
Suppliers can apply to join this DPS at any time throughout the life of the agreement.
The initial period for this agreement is four years, with the option to extend for two years. After that, if the agreement is still fit for purpose, then we will extend the agreement for a further two years.
This will continue as long as the agreement is suitable for customer needs and is the right route for this market.

These are the benefits of the Research & Insights agreement. 
the right suppliers hear about relevant opportunities at the right time
suppliers can apply and register their interest to join this DPS at any time
filters covering subject area, research method, target participants and location, gives you flexibility based on your needs
quality and price can be assessed based on your individual needs enabling value for money through tailored competitions
provides a structured and consistent approach to commissioning research with the option of using a two-stage competition processthis can include an optional face-to-face presentation stage as well as written quality stage
this can include an optional face-to-face presentation stage as well as written quality stage
