Back Office Software
Software as a Service (SaaS) solutions for back office applications, for deploying either in the cloud, on premise or hybrid. Available for all public sector organisations.
This is the description of the Back Office Software agreement. 
Buy new software requirements including SaaS, as well as support and maintenance and contract renewals for existing software. Available to all central government departments, arm’s length bodies, devolved administrations, the wider public sector and third sector organisations.
This agreement provides all back office functions including:
Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP): the ability to provide an integrated suite of business applications
Human Capital Management (HCM): a set of practices related to people resource management
finance
customer relationship management
procurement and sourcing portals
workflow technologies
content management
integration software
You can also buy additional services such as:
installation, implementation and configuration of software
consultancy rates for a range of services including application design, systems architecture, data migration and software development
service desk services
hosting services
data handing and validation
disaster recovery and back up services
solution review services
Read Framework schedule 1: specification for more details.
For complex and highly technical projects, we recommend you use RM6193Software Design and Implementation Services. You can buy implementation, design and change management services from RM6193 through further competition only.
This agreement will run until 5 April 2025. Maximum call off length is up to 10 years. There is no minimum call off length.

These are the benefits of the Back Office Software agreement. 
wide range of back office software applications
for software deployed in cloud, on premise or hybrid systems
you can use Expression of Interest (EOI) to refine the list of suppliers you invite to further competition
flexible contract lengths of up to 10 years
provides coverage for sector – specific needs across all public sector customers
can buy support and maintenance as well as licences
direct access to major SaaS vendors as well as specialist SME software suppliers
uses the CCS public sector contract withsocial valueconsidered on award to the framework in line with the PPN 06/20
