Software Design and Implementation Services
Find the skills and services you need to deploy new cloud-based back office systems or upgrade legacy IT systems. Available to all central government departments, the wider public sector and third sector organisations.
This is the description of the Software Design and Implementation Services agreement. 
Provides specialist, complex and technical support and implementation services.
Access services to implement and develop new cloud-based Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) systems and back office projects. ERP is the ability to provide an integrated suite of business applications.
This agreement also provides services for implementing a range of enterprise software and upgrading legacy IT systems
Examples of the areas in scope include:
enterprise architecture
business case support
configuration and testing
system integration
implementation
data cleansing and migration
change management
training
on-boarding
application management support
You can buy these services individually or as a group of services and requirements under a single tender.
We recommend usingRM6194 Back Office Software (BOS)if you need a clear split between a contract with a software provider and the supplier providing professional services. We designed BOS in conjunction with this agreement.
The maximum call off length is 10 years with no minimum call-off and flexibility on extension options (within the maximum duration of 10 years).

These are the benefits of the Software Design and Implementation Services agreement. 
delivers solutions for cloud, on premise or hybrid systems
Expression of Interest (EOI) can be used to refine the list of suppliers you will invite to further competition
flexible contract lengths up to 10 years
provides coverage for sector-specific requirements across all public sector customers
can procure services individually or as a larger procurement
a wide range of suppliers from SMEs with specialist expertise through to large service integrators and software vendors
uses the CCS public sector contract with social value considered on award to the framework in line with the PPN 06/20
