Outsourced Contact Centre and Business Services
Access contact centre solutions including people, technology and consultancy and business services including HR, source-to-pay, payroll and financial accounting.
This is the description of the Outsourced Contact Centre and Business Services agreement. 
Ideal for organisations who need to outsource services for contact centre solutions and back office functions. This agreement is available to:
all central government departments
arm’s length bodies
devolved administrations
the wider public sector
third sector organisations
You can access Robotic Process Automation (RPA) and Artificial Intelligence (AI) technologies to:
streamline processes
maximise value provided through your Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) systems
Provides flexible and scalable fully outsourced contact centre services, inclusive of inbound and outbound contact capabilities for the public sector. You can access services such as:
provision of information, products and services
sending information to other citizens and industry
The agreement covers new and innovative ways of accessing contact centre services including, but not limited to:
web chat
social media
online services
voice/agent contact
Organisations can also access Transformation Consultancy if they need support with transforming and modernising their interactions with citizens and industry. Transformational Consultancy is only available as part of the service as a whole.
Provides specialist support for the outsourcing of common back office functions including:
Human Resources (HR)
financial accounting
payroll
source-to-pay
Case study: learn how two local councils became more efficient by implementing a revenues and benefits service partnership using lot 2 business services.
This agreement will run for 4 years. We recommend a call off term of up to 7 years to maximise the value from outsourcing services. There is no minimum call off length.

These are the benefits of the Outsourced Contact Centre and Business Services agreement. 
a wide range of Business Process Outsourcing (BPO) and Contact Centre suppliers to make sure there is a competitive supply of services
3 available routes to market: further competition, further competition with dialogue and direct award
we have included Expression of Interest (EOI) for both further competition and further competition with dialogue to refine the list of suppliers at main tender stage
promotes price transparency and flexible charging structures that will encourage competition
supports organisations to reduce manual and human led processes and enhance user experience through robotic process automation
uses the CCS public sector contract with updated terms aligned to the principles of theCabinet Office Sourcing Playbookwe have evaluated social value at agreement level in line withPPN 06/20
we have evaluated social value at agreement level in line withPPN 06/20
opportunities to optimise workflow across many contracts to manage high and low periods of activity for contact centre services
