Apprenticeship Training Dynamic Marketplace DPS
Provides access to an extensive range of apprenticeship training programmes that fully supports Education and Skills Funding Agency (ESFA) funding rules. These rules give departments and public sector bodies the freedom to choose who they contract with.
This is the description of the Apprenticeship Training Dynamic Marketplace DPS agreement. 
Available for all public sector organisations to use including:
central government departments
agencies
public bodies
wider public sector organisations
charities
Buy generic or bespoke apprenticeship training courses including the learners’ end-point assessments. You can buy end-point assessments separately or as part of a training course.
Training can be in a classroom, in a workplace, online or a combination of these.
Suppliers mainly provide apprentice training and assessments in England. There is the option to include additional service requirements for Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland. The agreement provides over 500 apprenticeship standards.
All our suppliers are registered with the Education and Skills Funding Agency (ESFA).
With call-off contracts from this agreement, you can pay for services using apprenticeship levy funds. You don’t have to be an organisation that pays the apprenticeship levy to use these funds or use this agreement. Current ESFA funding rules apply.
This agreement uses a dynamic purchasing system (DPS) to help you find relevant suppliers through a filtering system. There’s the option of doing a rapid award procurement, which you can complete in as little as a day. Read the ‘How to buy’ tab below for details.
Watch this quick video foran introduction to the Apprenticeship Training DPS.

These are the benefits of the Apprenticeship Training Dynamic Marketplace DPS agreement. 
compliance with public procurement policy and ESFA apprenticeship funding rule
run your procurement in as little as a day with the rapid award option
suppliers can apply to join the agreement at any time
include social value in your supplier evaluation using either the rapid award or standard award option
you can run your procurement directly through the DPS marketplace system
