Facilities Management and Workplace Services DPS
Public sector customers can buy a range of facilities management and workplace services. Includes services such as simple maintenance works and landscaping to help desk services.
This is the description of the Facilities Management and Workplace Services DPS agreement. 
We’ve designed this agreement to complement ourRM6232 Facilities Management (FM) and Workplace Services agreement.
All central government, wider public sector and third sector customers will be able to access services including, but not limited to:
catering services
cleaning services
defence only: end user accommodation services
helpdesk services
landscaping services
maintenance services
miscellaneous FM services
security services
smart FM solutions including Computer Aided Facility Management (CAFM)
services
specialist defence FM services
statutory obligations / compliance services
visitor support services
waste services
You can easily find suitable suppliers using our Dynamic Purchasing Systems (DPS) filtering system. You can filter relevant suppliers through filters such as: service, building type, location and contract value.
The maximum order contract length is 120 months (10 years). This will include any extension periods.
If you would like to join this DPS, you will first need toregister as a supplier. Click on the registration link, scroll down to the facilities management and workplace services section and download the bid pack. You will need to read the ‘read first RM6264 DPS needs v1.0’ document and follow the instructions.

These are the benefits of the Facilities Management and Workplace Services DPS agreement. 
new suppliers can apply to join at any point
enables you to incorporate social value aims and objectives into your contracts
accessible for SMEs and other suppliers seeking opportunities to provide services to the public sector
quality and price can be assessed based on your individual requirements
enables you to develop your own requirements focusing on quality such as carbon net zero initiatives
automated, electronic process
access our filter system which ensures suppliers receive notifications of competitions that are relevant to their service offering
