Audio Visual Technical Consultancy & Commissioning
A Dynamic Purchasing System (DPS) for public sector customers who need complex audio visual (AV) services. Plus support services for rooms that use a range of AV technology.
This is the description of the Audio Visual Technical Consultancy & Commissioning agreement. 
UK government and public sector bodies can use these services to transform their rooms into spaces which make the best use of AV services, while making sure anyone can use their computer systems and software in their workspaces.
This will make it easier to collaborate with others and will ensure a hassle free experience.
Customers can use this agreement to:
design meeting spaces which will allow all colleagues to equally take part in the meeting (even if their attendance is virtual)
create collaboration zones and find out the best ways to integrate their AV technology
design acoustic and visual plans for conference rooms that will allow everyone to hear and see what they need to
This agreement can help you to achieve this by focusing on ‘interoperability’ services.
‘Interoperability’ means any computer system and software will work with your AV design. Anyone will be able to use the technology with no issue.
You can choose to use this agreement to create an end to end service for all your AV technology needs. From identifying your needs and creating a design of how your AV area will look and work, to installing your design.
You will also be able to add a support package which can include:
monitoring your AV area for problems
providing help with any future issues
Or you can pick any combination of services to better suit your complex needs.
Services available under this agreement include:
design consultancy
AV integration
installation and warranty
AV solution support
This agreement will run for three years with a possible extension of one year.
To give you maximum choice and flexibility, we have created filters which will enable you to decide how much of this agreement you want to use.
You will need to use a postcode filter to focus your search on suppliers who can carry out services in your area. Then you can use our other filters to choose the best services for your needs. These filters are:
Filter 1: AV Design Consultancy
A design consultant will design your new AV package. This can include identifying your business needs, giving technical advice, and creating a design integration plan.
Filter 2: AV Integration, Installation and Warranty
Get a specialist to install your AV package. This can include only the buying and installation, or can be the full package solution (including warranty).
Filter 3: AV Solution Support
For monitoring and support of your AV package. Includes on-site and remote management.


These are the benefits of the Audio Visual Technical Consultancy & Commissioning agreement. 
easy access to expert AV services
flexibility to build your specifications (further competitions and contracts to suit your individual needs)
new suppliers can join at anytime so this agreement can always access the latest technology and methods
we have structured the filters so that you can use as much or as little of this agreement as you want
you can assess quality, price and cultural fit (including social value) based on your individual needs
this agreement lets Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs) compete equally with larger suppliers
