Learning and Training Services DPS
Provides access to standard and niche training options from a large group of pre-qualified training providers in one place.
This is the description of the Learning and Training Services DPS agreement. 
This Dynamic Purchasing System (DPS) provides training services to UK public sector bodies, the wider public sector (WPS) and the third sector. This includes but is not limited to:
local government
combined authorities
NHS and health sector
police, fire and rescue
housing associations
charities
education sector
devolved administrations
Central government departments can also use this agreement, but they must first consider theCabinet Office learning and development spend control guidance. This agreement also forms part of the Workforce Alliance portfolio, providing an additional access route for NHS customers. Workforce Alliance is the partnership between CCS and NHS Procurement in Partnership which brings together a wealth of trusted procurement and commercial expertise to benefit the NHS.
Watch this quick video foran introduction to the Learning & Training Services DPS.
We have organised services using filters to help you select capable suppliers who can meet your training needs. The 2 headline filters are:
These are the broad category / subject headings to help you define what learning category your potential training needs sit under. This will help you to narrow down your supplier selection:
business skills
coaching and mentoring
health and safety
digital, data and technology
financial services
languages
leadership and management
legal and compliance
Learning Management System (LMS) software
LMS design, delivery and content
NHS clinical
NHS non-clinical
NHS Continuous Professional Development (CPD)
project and programme management
specialist / niche training
wellbeing
There are four distinct service routes that you can choose to further help you with the supplier selection process. These are:
Standard off the shelf training
Ad hoc off the shelf training courses and professional qualifications. These are only provided by the training provider (no aggregators / sub contractors).
Bespoke training
Bespoke training
Sourcing specialist or tailored training courses and small scale ad hoc learning needs across all subject areas. This includes the design and provision of specialist / niche training programmes.
Learning technologies
Learning technologies
The design, build, supply and development of learning technologies. This includes, but is not limited to:
new Learning Management Systems / Learning Experience Platforms
the integration of existing Learning Systems / Platforms
Education services
Education services
This provision is for public sector funded programmes targeted to provide skills to the general public (those in education, unemployed, or in full time employment). Alternatively, our latest commercial agreement, the RM6348 Adult Skills and Learning DPS, specifically focuses on providing access to training for adults and young adults in the general public, through funding streams like the adult skills fund. Read theAdult Skills and Learning webpageto see if it better suits your needs, orcontact usto find out more.

This commercial agreement will be live for 4 years (48 months) with the option to extend for a further 2 years (24 months).

These are the benefits of the Learning and Training Services DPS agreement. 
single route to market for a variety of training types
flexibility of contract award: customers can choose between rapid award and standard award depending on their needs
a future-proofed solution that can be continually updated to reflect changes in market demand and to support the addition of new products and suppliers at any time
extensive choice of providers, both at a national and regional level
access to a high volume of SMEs in the UK training market
the flexibility to decide how you want the training provided, for example:virtualface to faceblended (a mix of virtual and face to face)public: training provided with other public sector organisationsclosed: training provided with only your organisation
virtual
face to face
blended (a mix of virtual and face to face)
public: training provided with other public sector organisations
closed: training provided with only your organisation
