Construction Works and Associated Services 2 (CWAS2) / ProCure 23 (P23)
NHS England and all other UK public sector bodies can buy a range of construction works and services.
This is the description of the Construction Works and Associated Services 2 (CWAS2) / ProCure 23 (P23) agreement. 
We have partnered with NHS England to provide a range of design, construction and building services for:
NHS capital projects which refers to the money spent on investing in buildings and infrastructure, including the maintenance and repairs of buildings and facilities
major and minor building works
general construction
civil engineering projects
We designed the flexible contract structure of this agreement to provide solutions for a range of needs. It includes advanced and innovative contract arrangements which will allow you to buy services as self-managed sub alliances.
ProCure23 (P23) will be the fourth iteration of the ProCure agreement and will continue to provide design and construction services to the NHS and Social Care organisations.
Lots 1 to 3 will be the default commercial agreement for capital health projects in England. The services in these lots will apply to England only.
Lots 4 and 5 will support the existingConstruction Works and Associated Services agreement (CWAS). They will provide extra market capacity for larger value building works and general construction projects. You can use the services provided by lots 4 and 5 nationally.
The lot you use will depend on the value and requirements of your project. For more information, read our works and services document.
The agreement supports the following government policies and strategies:
building information modelling (BIM) which is a process that allows you to manage information while using technology and tools to plan and visualise the entire project during pre construction
life cycle cost
prompt payment
project bank accounts
early contractor involvement
social value
It will also complement other CCS agreements including:
construction professional services (RM6165)
construction professional services DPS (RM6242)
modular building solutions (RM6014)
building materials and equipment (RM6157)
facilities management marketplace (RM3830)

These are the benefits of the Construction Works and Associated Services 2 (CWAS2) / ProCure 23 (P23) agreement. 
value for money:we selected all suppliers using both qualitative and commercial measures
options to carry out further project specific checks to meet your needs
flexibility to change the quality/cost weightings at competition stage
includes pre-agreed capped contract rates for overheads, profit and labour
social value: you have the flexibility to tailor social value requirements in each further competition (includes local supply chain spend, apprenticeship opportunities and reduction of pollution)
collaboration: uses the Framework Alliance Contract which encourages collaboration between supplier and customer
complements our other construction frameworks to offer a complete, start to finish solution and integrated service
also includes contract arrangements which allows you to buy programmes of work as self managed sub-alliances to increase consistency, efficiency and improve value
fast and flexible: enables you to use and amend a range of the most commonly used contract forms to ensure they meet your own internal governance
access an implementation advisor who can guide and support NHS trust through the procurement process
offers pricing tools and early engagement with suppliers
access dedicated working groups to promote better working practices including:design and assurancemodern methods of construction (MMC)standard components
design and assurance
modern methods of construction (MMC)
standard components
