Security - Physical, Technical and Support Services
All UK public sector bodies can access a range of security products and services including guarding and installation of security systems.
This is the description of the Security - Physical, Technical and Support Services agreement. 
Access security services across the UK. Suppliers provide services across 40 UK regions as defined by the Nomenclature of Territorial Statistics (NUTS). Suppliers may have opportunities to provide services internationally.
Products and services available include:
guarding services such as, static and mobile patrolling and manning of receptions
dealing with visitors and monitoring video surveillance systems
installation and maintenance of security systems, for example alarms, perimeter fencing and locks
consultancy services
risk and security assessments
There are eleven groups of related services, or ‘work packages’ which are provided across four lots. You can buy more than one work package if needed. The work packages are:
A: Contract Management and Mobilisation
B: Guarding Services
C: Physical and Technical Security Services
D: Maintenance of security systems
E: Alarmed Response Centre
F: Helpdesk Services
G: Consultancy Services
H: Risk Assessment
I: Security Assessment
J: Security awareness/training
K: Management of Billable Works
If you are a consultant working on behalf of a public sector organisation you must sign a non-disclosure agreement. The organisation you are working for must also complete a consultant approval form. You can find these documents in the document section below. Once completed you cansend the documents to us by email.

These are the benefits of the Security - Physical, Technical and Support Services agreement. 
value for money: all suppliers have been selected based on quality and price
security services you can trust: all suppliers have demonstrable experience within the security sector and it is mandatory for all suppliers to comply with Centre for the Protection of National Infrastructure guidance
provides a simple route for you to access a range of security suppliers through either a further competition or direct award
flexible, clear terms and conditions including the simplified Public Sector Contract which means you can select contract schedules according to your needs
access expert knowledge and support: our experienced team will offer both technical and commercial support to your procurement
social value: you can ask suppliers to change their offer to match your social value priorities at call-off
fully compliant with social value Procurement Policy Notes (PPNs)
suppliers have submitted a Carbon Reduction Plan (CRP) to gain a place on this agreement, they will then need to resubmit annually in line with PPN 06/21
we manage and monitor the financial standing of suppliers on our framework in line with the sourcing playbook so you do not have to
