Mobile Voice and Data Services
All UK public sector organisations can access mobile voice and data services. Includes optional and professional services.
This is the description of the Mobile Voice and Data Services agreement. 
Access a range of mobile and data services including (but not limited to):
UK and international airtime including roaming, calls, short message services (SMS) and data
device hardware, accessories and supporting services such as mobile device management (MDM) and security
audit and health check services including audits of current spend and usage levels, analysis of existing requirements and physical audit and contact services
professional services including system and service integration, implementation services and advice on service design
security solutions including enhanced end to end software encryption
The agreement length will be in the following format 2+1+1. This means that the agreement will run for 2 years and CCS will have the option to extend twice. Each extension will be for 1 year.
There are no restrictions for the duration of call off contracts. You can decide what is appropriate for your needs.
Find the contract notice for this agreement onContracts Finder.
Read a case study on how 8 public sector organisations came together to make savings on mobile voice and data services.

These are the benefits of the Mobile Voice and Data Services agreement. 
access all 4 major networks through lots 2 and 1 including EE, Three, O2 and Vodafone
follows Public Contract Regulations with emphasis onsocial valueincluding sustainability andmodern slavery
direct award catalogue and further competition available
flexible contract lengths with no maximum term
view transparent tariffs on lot 1 in the price comparison tool available on theeMarketplaceor request throughinfo@crowncommercial.gov.uk
buy devices such as smartphones, tablets, dongles and Wireless Routers (MiFi) and accessories
built in data bundle flexibility to reduce or remove out of bundle charges
