Vehicle Charging Infrastructure Solutions (VCIS)
Find a range of solutions to help develop the charging infrastructure for electric and hybrid vehicles with this dynamic purchasing system (DPS).
This is the description of the Vehicle Charging Infrastructure Solutions (VCIS) agreement. 
This agreement offers customers in central government and the wider public sector access to products and services that support vehicle charging infrastructure, such as charge points. Buyers can purchase a full end-to-end solution or specific elements to support the transition to low emission vehicles. Use ourfleet portalto help you find the right vehicle solution for your organisation.
The agreement offers the following services:
consultancy and feasibility
civil design and installation
provision, installation and maintenance of hardware
software and back-office solutions
lease and purchase of products
full end-to-end service
This agreement uses a Dynamic Purchasing System (DPS) which helps customers find relevant suppliers through a filtering system.
There is no maximum length of contract awarded from this agreement.
Spaces on this agreement are not limited. Suppliers who meet the needed selection criteria can be appointed to the VCIS agreement.  There is no cost to suppliers applying to join this agreement.
CCS supports public sector deployment of Electric Vehicle (EV) infrastructure through two agreements:
Transport Technology and Associated Services (TTAS)
Vehicle Charging Infrastructure Solutions (VCIS) dynamic purchasing system (DPS).
Find out about the key differences between the two and explore someexample procurement scenarios.


These are the benefits of the Vehicle Charging Infrastructure Solutions (VCIS) agreement. 
you can build specifications, competitions and contracts in a way that suits you
an automated, electronic process reduces administration time
new suppliers can apply to join at any point, increasing your choice
more choice through an increased scope/scale of service offerings
filtering of supplier offering which ensures suppliers receive notifications of relevant competitions
filtering of supplier offerings helps cutomers/buyers shortlist most appropriate suppliers to invite to further competition
supports local economies and social value
enables access to wider supply chains for specialist services
Products
Products
Please read the ‘How to Buy’ tab below for detailed instructions on how to find out which suppliers are on this framework.
Service1: Funding Options
Service1: Funding Options
Service 1 – options relating to funding streams; buyer funded (purchase or lease), supplier funded models or funding model to be decided.
Expires: 07/04/2024
Service 2: Products and Services
Service 2: Products and Services
Service 2 – various products and services are available dependent on the funding option being used. These include consultancy and feasibility, groundworks (civil engineering and construction), hardware and accessories, installation and decommissioning services, servicing and maintenance, software and back-office solutions and end-to-end service.
Expires: 07/04/2024
