Workforce Solutions
This agreement gives all public sector organisations access to contractors and temporary workers, through a single managed service provider (MSP).
This is the description of the Workforce Solutions agreement. 
Public sector organisations can access a workforce programme offering professional, managerial, operational and administrative workers through a wide range of delivery routes, including statements of work (SOW). The programme is made possible by a single managed service provider (MSP), working closely with the CCS category team.
This programme offers various ways to recruit skilled people for your organisation. A single MSP can work with you to find the best approach. They’ll help you use the service to meet your business goals and workforce needs.
This agreement lets you hire workers for specialist, operational and administrative roles. It includes these services:
sourcing temporary workers who are paid hourly or daily rates, with strict processes to ensure compliance with baseline personnel security standards (BPSS) vetting and key legislation such as theAgency Worker Regulations (AWR)andoff-payroll working (IR35)
engagement through statements of work (SOW): this is where a supplier is engaged through Alexander Mann Solutions (AMS) to deliver a set of specific and pre-defined outcomes on a fixed fee basis
recruit-train-deploy (RTD): where a supplier recruits individuals and trains them to have the needed skill set before placing them into your organisation to work and learn
permanent recruitment: services to recruit permanent, fixed-term term and internal secondment roles through recruitment agencies
resource augmentation partnering: often known as the ‘employed resource model’, this establishes a relationship with one or more organisations that have permanent employees with the desired skill set, the partner then deploys their employees to your organisation on request, on an agreed day rate, to quickly fill urgent needs
campaigns: AMS will help you find a specialist firm to run larger recruitment campaigns, which can cover temporary, fixed term and/or permanent roles to offer full access to the talent market according to your needs.
Permanent recruitment, resource augmentation partnering, and campaign services will not be available when the agreement starts. We will introduce these services into the agreement at a later date.
AMS are the MSP for this agreement. You will be able to award call-off contracts directly to this supplier without needing to run a further competition. When you place your call-off contract you will be able to select the service lines you want to use.
Building on the successes of RM3749 Public Sector Resourcing (PSR), this is a managed contingent labour programme closely supported by the category team in CCS. Contingent labour is a term for a workforce that is hired on a temporary or on-demand basis. PSR involved a significant continuous improvement programme to enhance the services, as well as detailed support to our customers when legislative changes, such as the changes to IR35, occur to help our customers make the transition smoothly and compliantly.
Key strengths of the PSR framework have been retained, including the use of a single vendor management system (VMS), with other integrated tools. This provides detailed data across all the services, supporting customers to understand the full makeup of their contingent workforce and, with advice from AMS, make the best use of the range of service lines to secure the best possible value for money.
This agreement will run for 6 years, followed by an 18-month transition period. During this time, new customers will not be able to join, but existing call-off contracts can continue.
Depending on your internal governance, you can award a call-off contract for as long as you need. This can include having a call-off contract for an initial fixed period followed by options to extend.
You can also find more details about the services available through this framework, as well as case studies, on thePSR website.

These are the benefits of the Workforce Solutions agreement. 
account management team to advise and support hiring managers, freeing them to focus on their core jobs
a simple, streamlined and user-focused solution for hiring high-quality temporary workers and contractors
different ways to hire workers, such as directly through our MSP provider, referral nominated (quickly hiring a contractor who you have already worked with), tailored recruitment for specialised roles
flexibility to meet the changing needs of departments and the contingent labour market
compliant workers in line withCabinet Office Controls
The PSR marketplace allows companies to hire directly, helping to save money
Fieldglass: cloud software used to support/manage elements of the service including raising requests, timesheet approvals, reporting and invoicing
clear information on costs, performance and spending, while also offering reports on supply and demand trends
