Postal Services & Solutions
This agreement provides postal services to the UK public sector and third sector organisations.
This is the description of the Postal Services & Solutions agreement. 
This agreement will give you access to postal goods and services such as:
mail and parcel collection and delivery services (UK and international)
inbound mail receipt
hybrid mail solutions
security screening
franking machines
mailroom equipment
The agreement also offers audits, efficiency reviews and consultancy services to help you develop your postal services strategy and make sure you are getting the best value for money.
A range of inbound and outbound services are available to help you transition from a paper based mailroom to a digital environment. This includes hybrid mail solutions that incorporate new technologies, such as e-communications and managed service options. Giving you a ‘digital by default’ strategy.
The agreement was developed in collaboration with 2 other public sector procurement organisations: YPO (formerly known as Yorkshire Purchasing Organisation) and ESPO (formerly known as Eastern Shires Purchasing Organisation).
The duration of the agreement is 4 years. The call off contract period is flexible and can run beyond the framework expiry date. The maximum call off periods are as follows:
Lot 1: 6 years
Lots 2 to 8 (inclusive): 7 years
This agreement replacesRM6017Postal Goods, Services and Solutionswhichexpired in November 2023.
If you have any questions contact us on 0345 410 2222 oremail us.

These are the benefits of the Postal Services & Solutions agreement. 
lot 1 offers a range of franking machines and mailroom equipment to increase production, reduce floor space and free up resources
access to zonal and regional pricing
introduces new technologies to reduce your physical mail and integrate paper documents into digital workflows
increases security of mail items by using services such as hybrid mail
enables SMEs to bid for public sector contracts:supporting the government’s aspiration for £1 in every £3 to be spent with SMEsover 50% of suppliers on the agreement are SMEs
supporting the government’s aspiration for £1 in every £3 to be spent with SMEs
over 50% of suppliers on the agreement are SMEs
buyers can reduce their carbon footprint through digitisation and new energy efficient equipment and services
support and guidance available to help buyers optimise their mail processes and achieve savings on their postal services requirements
