Digital and IT Professional Services (DIPS)
Enables you to access professional service requirements and recruit digital and IT resource. Available for MOD customers only.
This is the description of the Digital and IT Professional Services (DIPS) agreement. 
This agreement falls under the UK Defence and Security Public Contracts Regulations 2011 (DSPCR 2011). It is available only for use by the Ministry of Defence (MOD), following the rules of the Framework and call off procedure.
This agreement has multiple lots which are organised by capability and skills across the full IT spectrum.
Each lot has the flexibility to provide against a variety of requirements without needing a multi-lot approach. You will not be able to buy services across multiple lots within a single call off.
If you need to access services from multiple lots you will need to either:
place these as separate call offs within each lot
run a separate procurement (needed for very significant requirements only)
This agreement is available for up to 4 years. Call off contracts are not limited by duration. You have the ability to award short, medium or longer term arrangements that best suit your project needs.
No extensions are available for this agreement.
The services will be divided into six lots, each lot will consist of up to seven providers and afull supplier list for each lot can be located on the DSP DIPS Framework SharePoint Page. For more information on products and services or how to buy from this agreement, read the relevant sections below.

These are the benefits of the Digital and IT Professional Services (DIPS) agreement. 
rationalisation of the Professional Services space will enable meaningful engagement with industry partners and SMEs
rationalisation will help MOD to become a better customer by streamlining and focusing efforts in one direction
pipeline sharing
suppliers assisting to shape the requirement
a comprehensive set of Digital, ICT and Cyber capability and expertise
timely access to required capability and expertise
focused on outcomes to ensure that the right incentives and drivers are put in place for each requirement to ensure quality of delivery and control of costs and timescales
