Payment Solutions 2
Enables UK government and wider public sector customers to buy goods and services using procurement cards and to disburse funds using prepaid cards and voucher solutions.
This is the description of the Payment Solutions 2 agreement. 
This agreement replacesRM3828 Payment SolutionsandRM6255 Voucher Scheme. You can access the supply and maintenance of payment solutions for your payment needs.
Payment solutions provides you with procurement card solutions which you can use to buy common goods and services, including travel.
You can also access a prepaid card and voucher solution to disburse funds to those who do not have other means of accessing funds.
The solution can provide you with an online management information system which will enable you to manage your purchases and fund dispersal payments effectively and in real time.
Suppliers can offer both off-the-shelf and bespoke solutions to fit your needs. To access bespoke solutions you will need to run a further competition.
The agreement will be for an initial term of 3 years with the option for a 1 year extension.
For public sector employee benefit reward and recognition use ourRM6133 Employee Benefitsagreement.
Cyber Essentials Plus accreditation
We completed a piece of work to ensure that suppliers who do not currently hold a Cyber Essentials Plus accreditation, are working closely with the certification bodies to achieve this as quickly as possible. We are satisfied that this is the case in all instances.
We have also worked with suppliers to assess the worthiness of other accreditations. We are satisfied that these alternative accreditations show a level of assurance until suppliers can achieve Cyber Essentials Plus accreditation. You can ask for a list of alternative accreditations by emailing the team.
We will continue to monitor supplier compliance in this area and update our records accordingly. You must always ensure that suppliers meet your requirements before entering into a Call-off agreement with them.

These are the benefits of the Payment Solutions 2 agreement. 
reduced timescales: CCS has already undertaken a procurement compliant with  procurement regulations – all you need to do is identify your requirements, present these to the market and award a contract
choice of supplier: access a wide range of suppliers who can offer both off-the-shelf and bespoke solutions
assured supplier standards: suppliers on this agreement are pre-qualified which means they meet the appropriate standards to provide payment solutions
receive an annual rebate: available to lot 1 customers based on annual spend and paid retrospectively
supports government prompt payment policies:  lot 1 suppliers are guaranteed to be paid within 3 working days
management information insights:  analysis of management information can help you understand your behaviours and support future contract negotiations with frequently used suppliers
spend control: lot 1 and 2 customers can control spending by setting monthly or single transaction limits using MCG (Merchant Category Group’s) and MCC (Merchant Category Codes)
suppliers are Cyber Essentials Plus accredited and meet the required security standards
