Digital Specialists and Programmes
Individual Digital, Data and Technology (DDaT) specialist roles and end-to-end digital transformation programmes.
This is the description of the Digital Specialists and Programmes agreement. 
This agreement complements RM1043.8 Digital Outcomes 6. Lot 2 for specialists won’t be available from RM1043.8.
You can use this agreement to find people with the full range of Digital, Data and Technology (DDaT) skills needed for a digital transformation/capability project, or to supply individual DDaT staff to work as part of an existing team or new team you’re setting up.
A digital transformation project might include redesigning an existing service, or designing a whole new service for your users or your internal teams, for example. It may involve rethinking about how an organisation could use technology, people or processes to create new business models or new revenue streams for the organisation (for example, building mobile applications or ecommerce platforms)
You might want to hire staff with DDaT skills to integrate into your organisation and help to achieve strategic objectives through a single project or multiple projects that may involve user research, design or building and supporting the service, for example.
If procuring digital programmes under Lot 1, you may also need DDaT staff for any strategic objectives or scope of services that have no clearly defined outcomes or deliverables that will enable digital transformation.
Products and services that are out of scope include (but are not limited to):
standalone hosting, support and maintenance of a live application or website
supplementing a temporary shortfall in staff with no clear deliverables (who might work across projects under the direction of the buyer)
any non-DDaT role
It is important to remember that this agreement should not be used to staff interim or contingent labour. The following CCS agreements are available if you need management consultancy or interim staff:
Public Sector Resourcing
Management Consultancy Framework 3
Non Clinical Temporary and Fixed Term Staff
Buyers can find teams of digital specialists based on Digital, Data and Technology (DDaT) role definitions that meet the skills and competencies in theSkills Framework for the Information Age (SFIA).

These are the benefits of the Digital Specialists and Programmes agreement. 
further competition provides best value for money
allows customers to buy the most up to date services in the market
ability to develop strategic partnership relationships with suppliers to improve services
quicker and simpler procurement process using direct award (Lot 2 only) and further competition (single or two-stage)
