Vehicle Lease, Fleet Management and Salary Sacrifice Car Schemes
Central government and wider public sector can lease passenger cars and light, medium and heavy commercial vehicles. Includes fleet management and salary sacrifice car schemes.
This is the description of the Vehicle Lease, Fleet Management and Salary Sacrifice Car Schemes agreement. 
You can lease the full range of vehicles available from vehicle manufacturers, including converted, specialist and municipal vehicles (such as bin lorries, road cleaning and operational vehicles).
All fuel types are available to lease including electric, hybrid and hydrogen derivatives.
You will be able to lease vehicles that are currently available in the market as well as those that will be developed and brought to market by vehicle manufacturers during the term of this agreement.
You can access quotes for leasing standard build passenger cars and vans through ourFleet Portal.
Available services include:
sourcing vehicles that are either leased, purchased or hired on behalf of a buyer
managing a buyers own fleet and all services associated with running a fleet such as:managing the servicing maintenance and repair of vehiclesfleet administration taskssupport with creating a fleet policysupport to transition to low emission vehiclesdriver training and risk assessment services
managing the servicing maintenance and repair of vehicles
fleet administration tasks
support with creating a fleet policy
support to transition to low emission vehicles
driver training and risk assessment services
You can set up a vehicle salary sacrifice car scheme. This scheme will enable your employees to get a brand new, low cost car of their choice for a single monthly deduction of their salary before tax and National Insurance.
You also have the option to set up a scheme to support your organisation’s green agenda and help cut organisational costs. You can specify which vehicles you want to include in your scheme. For example, only Ultra Low Emissions Vehicles (ULEV).This agreement will run for 4 years until its expiry on 7 February 2027.

These are the benefits of the Vehicle Lease, Fleet Management and Salary Sacrifice Car Schemes agreement. 
access to an online vehicle quotation system (Fleet Portal) which provides:technical and pricing information for standard build passenger cars and vans up to 3.5 tonnesa full breakdown of costs which will allow you to easily compare vehicles
technical and pricing information for standard build passenger cars and vans up to 3.5 tonnes
a full breakdown of costs which will allow you to easily compare vehicles
we have used an average market rate comparator to secure discounts with manufacturers that are approximately 8.1% better than those achieved by the leasing market when our RM6244 agreement went live
carbon reduction and social value including:access to all fuel types including zero and ultra-low emissions vehiclesall suppliers have committed to sign up to the National Highways’ Driving for Better Business scheme by the agreement live dateall suppliers are developing carbon reduction plans to work towards net zero by 2050
access to all fuel types including zero and ultra-low emissions vehicles
all suppliers have committed to sign up to the National Highways’ Driving for Better Business scheme by the agreement live date
all suppliers are developing carbon reduction plans to work towards net zero by 2050
there is the option to direct award to suppliers and simplify the procurement process for lots 1, 2a and 2b by using simple order forms
separate lots for fleet management and salary sacrifice car scheme services
