Permanent Recruitment 2
All public sector organisations can access recruitment services to hire permanent, fixed term and internal secondment roles through recruitment agencies.
This is the description of the Permanent Recruitment 2 agreement. 
Access general recruitment services to find and hire candidates across the UK  for a specific role or job. This includes England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland.
General recruitment is a non-exclusive contingency model service. This means that the recruiters will compete to find a suitable candidate and will only get paid if they successfully fill the role.
Permanent recruitment 2 will replace the currentPermanent Recruitment Solutions which expires on 12 November 2022. It will also provide a way to hire clinical roles through the general recruitment service.
The recruitment agencies can help you to recruit one or more candidates for clinical and non-clinical roles.
RM6229 also forms part of the Workforce Alliance portfolio providing an additional access route to the framework for NHS customers.Workforce Alliance is the partnership between CCS and NHS Procurement in Partnership and brings together a wealth of trusted procurement and commercial expertise to benefit the NHS.
You can access all core and non core services and you have the flexibility to choose which services you would like to add to your call offs.
Core services include:
search services to find applicants
evaluation of applicants
appointment of applicant to the role
Non core services include:
strategy and planning services to help you plan for recruitment gaps and ensure your organisation has the right people with the right skills
talent development services to help you develop a talent pool of potential applicants with the needed skill sets
For a detailed description of the services provided under each lot, read the specification.
This agreement will run for 2 years with an option to extend for up to 2 years if needed.
There is no maximum length for a call off contract under this agreement, but we recommend it should not be longer than 4 years.

These are the benefits of the Permanent Recruitment 2 agreement. 
hiring managers and departments can choose who they engage with from the supplier list and how
access capable suppliers, which will lead to increased fill rates and will avoid repeated campaign costs
ability to direct award which can save you time and money
capped maximum costs which will protect contracting authorities from market price increases
no hidden costs: methods of attracting candidates, such as social media, digital campaigns and job boards are included in the cost of the service
suppliers must work towards civil service diversity and inclusion (D&I) requirements and should help contracting authorities to achieve their own D&I ambitions
suppliers must develop employer value proposition (EVP) to ensure candidates want to work for the contracting authorities organisationEVP includes any benefits that the worker will receive in return for their work such as pay, learning and development opportunities and the culture of the organisation
EVP includes any benefits that the worker will receive in return for their work such as pay, learning and development opportunities and the culture of the organisation
read the detailed supplier prospectus to get a better understanding of the recruitment agencies you can access and the specialist areas they can recruit for, such as digital or HR
discounts are available when hiring more than 1 candidate
support is available from our customer and agreement management teams
