Executive & Non-Executive Recruitment Services
All public sector organisations can access executive and non-executive recruitment services for permanent, fixed term and inward secondment roles.
This is the description of the Executive & Non-Executive Recruitment Services agreement. 
We have defined the available recruitment services as core or non-core.
You can access both core and non-core services on a modular basis. This means you buy only the services you need, when you need them and not as part of an end to end service.
You have the option to access all core services from suppliers as part of an end to end recruitment service.
Core modular services include:
identifying and attracting potential applicants to apply for positions
assessment and evaluation
offer and appointment
All core services include customer planning.
Non-core modular services are not included as part of the end to end recruitment service but can be accessed if needed. These services include:
strategy and planning (such as workforce planning which includes assessing recruitment gaps and ensuring your organisation has the right people with the right skills)
talent development services
talent mapping: this is the process of finding future talent by evaluating your organisation’s current talent gap and identifying candidates with high potential that you may be able to recruit
reserve lists and talent pools
executive development and coaching
technology services such as applicant tracking systems (ATS) and video interviews
international recruitment
This agreement will provide recruitment services for all the UK. This includes England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland.
It will replace the pre-existing executive search lots forRM6002 Permanent Recruitment Solutions.
It will have a minimum contract of 2 years, with the option to extend for an additional 2 years if needed.

These are the benefits of the Executive & Non-Executive Recruitment Services agreement. 
hiring managers and departments can choose who they engage with from the supplier list and how
access capable suppliers, which will lead to increased fill rates and will avoid repeated campaign costs
ability to direct award which can save you time and money
capped maximum costs which will protect contracting authorities from market price increases
no hidden costs: methods of attracting candidates, such as social media, digital campaigns and job boards are included in the cost of the service
suppliers must work towards civil service diversity and inclusion (D&I) requirements and should help contracting authorities to achieve their own D&I ambitions
suppliers must develop employer value proposition (EVP) to ensure candidates want to work for the contracting authorities organisation
EVP includes any benefits that the worker will receive in return for their work such as pay, learning and development opportunities and the culture of the organisation
discounts are available when hiring more than 1 candidate
support is available from our customer and agreement management teams
