Purchase of Standard and Specialist Vehicles
Central government and wider public sector can buy standard, converted and specialist vehicles. Includes access to vehicles of all sizes, specifications and fuel types.
This is the description of the Purchase of Standard and Specialist Vehicles agreement. 
Provides access to a full range of motor vehicles. This includes vehicles that are both currently available and those that will be developed and brought to market during the term of this agreement.
Vehicles available under this agreement includes:
all fuel types including electric, hybrid and hydrogen
complete range of vehicle sizes and types including cars, vans and 4x4s
light, medium and heavy commercial vehicles including refuse collection and waste management
minibuses, buses and coaches
mobile trailers and mobile units for health and other sectors
blue light emergency vehicles of all types (such as operational cars, police carrier units, dog vans, command and control units and lightweight fire fighting vehicles)
You can also access a wide range of specialist bespoke vehicles and conversion services including specification design, body build, testing and associated maintenance.
You will be able to buy bespoke vehicles from a vehicle manufacturer and/or a converter, who can make changes to standard vehicles, through direct award or further competition.
This agreement will run for 4 years.
Leasing vehicles
Leasing vehicles
If you want to lease vehicles use ourRM6096 vehicle lease agreement. Suppliers on this agreement will be able to source the vehicle using the vehicle purchase framework discount.

These are the benefits of the Purchase of Standard and Specialist Vehicles agreement. 
access to an online vehicle quotation system (Fleet Portal) which providestechnical and pricing information for cars and vans and a full breakdown of costs which will allow you to easily compare vehicles
using an average market rate comparator, CCS discounts are approximately 8.1% better than those achieved by the leasing market at the time of the Agreement going live
carbon reduction and social value:access all fuel types including zero and low emissions vehiclesall suppliers are committed to signing up to the National Highways’ Driving for Better Business schemeall suppliers are developing carbon reduction plans working towards net zero by 2050
access all fuel types including zero and low emissions vehicles
all suppliers are committed to signing up to the National Highways’ Driving for Better Business scheme
all suppliers are developing carbon reduction plans working towards net zero by 2050
direct award option: make use of the simple order form to simplify the procurement process
separate lots for both standard and specialist vehicles
dedicated blue light lots: access specific goods and services needed by fleets within the emergency services sector
option to use a local dealership for delivery and after sales service which supports SMEs
