Adult Skills and Learning DPS
All public sector organisations can access training for adults and young adults in the general public. Training is available both regionally and nationally through a range of funding types.
This is the description of the Adult Skills and Learning DPS agreement. 
Provides access to a range of adult training services using a buyer’s public funding for training. The training provided will help adults and young adults develop the skills they need to gain employment, prepare for an apprenticeship, and/or progress into further qualifications. Includes access to training for:
post 19 skills
post 16 skills
adult skills fund
free courses for jobs
UK Shared Prosperity Fund
Multiply
any future iterations of existing funding
any future funding types
Apprenticeship levy training is excluded. For this, see ourApprenticeship Training Dynamic Marketplace. For corporate training of public sector employees, see ourLearning and Training Services dynamic purchasing system (DPS). If your training budget is grant funded, you can still use this commercial agreement to access the training. You can include your own funding rules in the terms of your call off contract.This agreement uses a DPSand offers a range of pre-qualified regional and national providers. You can filter providers by:
delivery locations (where the training will happen)
sector subject areas
qualification levels provided
This DPS is available to use until 27 October 2028. An extension to this commercial agreement is currently not possible. This commercial agreement complies with the Public Contracts Regulations (PCR) 2015.
Watch this video foran overview of the Adult Skills and Learning DPSand how to run a procurement.

These are the benefits of the Adult Skills and Learning DPS agreement. 
single route to market for a variety of publicly funded training for adults
suitable for regional and national contracts
include your own funding rules in the call off contract
future-proofed solution that is suitable for current and future funding types
the DPS questionnaire removes the need for standard pre-qualification questions, saving buyers and suppliers time
only invite suppliers relevant to your needs, made possible by the filtering system
helps you to achieve your social value and carbon net zero objectives and compliance
a time and resource saving alternative to developing and managing your own adult skills DPS / framework
shorter timescales compared to an open procurement
training providers must pass a financial liability risk assessment (FVRA), provide proof of insurance and provide their Cyber Essentials certificate in order to join, ensuring they meet our standards
you can invite local training providers to join the DPS before running your adult skills procurement, as suppliers can join at any time
