Water, Wastewater and Ancillary Services 3
Water supply, wastewater (sewage) and ancillary services that make usage more efficient and supply more resilient.
This is the description of the Water, Wastewater and Ancillary Services 3 agreement. 
This agreement is a renewal of theRM6178 Water, Wastewater and Ancillary Services 2and will run for 4 years.
It is open to all public sector, non-residential premises in England, Wales and Northern Ireland—for example, schools, NHS trusts and local authorities.
Businesses, charities or public sector organisations currently served by a water supplier based in Wales are only eligible to switch water retailers if they use more than 50 million litres of water a year. Otherwise, they will continue to be served by their regional water company.
If your business premises are in Wales and your usage is above the 50 million litre threshold, you can choose to remain with your current retailer or switch.
You can contract with a supplier at any time during the agreement, and run a contract for up to a maximum of 4 years from when supply starts.
Buyers can run a mini-tender or join aCCS run aggregation. As of 1 April 2017 eligible, non-household customers (those that pay business rates) can choose their water supplier.

These are the benefits of the Water, Wastewater and Ancillary Services 3 agreement. 
access to aggregated e-auctions (for lot 1 and lot 3 only)
accurate management information: consumption and billing data are supplied to your request, including self-service online
discounted list prices
optional water efficiency programmes can be accessed when you need them
financial savings: on average customers achieved a 4% reduction against the average retail margin using the existing agreement RM6178 Water, Wastewater and Ancillary Services 2 (with some customers achieving up to a 10% reduction)
a dedicated account manager that offers a personalised service
a dedicated customer service team for improved support and query management
choice of billing format (consolidated billing, electronic billing and paper billing)
quality service with suppliers monitored against framework Key Performance Indicators (KPIs), regular reporting and meetings with CCS
time and resource savings through simplified procurement process and supplier rationalisation.
Lot 1: Water and Waste Water Services
Lot 2: Ancillary Services
Lot 3: One Stop Shop (Combined Lot 1 and Lot 2)
With one supplier for both elements.

