Income Generation from Estates, Assets & IP DPS
This agreement allows government and public sector organisations to generate income from their estates, assets and intellectual property. This includes from vending machines, automated self-service, cash points, mobile device charging, delivery lockers, brand licensing and sponsorship, advertising and other services.
This is the description of the Income Generation from Estates, Assets & IP DPS agreement. 
All public sector bodies can access this agreement. This includes central government, agencies, arms-length bodies, publicly owned transport organisations, local authorities, non-departmental public bodies, airports, schools, devolved administrations and charities.
The agreement uses a Dynamic Purchasing System (DPS) with a filtering system to help identify a shortlist of relevant suppliers to invite to competition. Suppliers can apply to join the agreement at any time throughout the life of the agreement.
Services include:
Suppliers will manage the supply, replenishment and promotion of vending machines and automated retail machines located in your estate. This includes:
traditional and non-traditional vending machines including drinks, crisps, snacks, meals, accessories and consumables
pop-up or automated retail: including short-term or seasonal retail and automated retailing of coffee, food, accessories and consumables
photo booths: providing photo services, photo card and ID services
reverse vending solutions, for example, deposit return scheme (DRS) or enhancing recycling for customers supporting the return of empty beverage containers like bottles and cans in return for rewards such as brand discounts or money
cash machines (ATMs)
portable battery chargers for mobile devices
delivery / storage lockers
Includes both the intellectual property (IP) licensing and sponsorship of fixed and non-fixed assets:
fixed assets can include items such as property and buildings
non-fixed assets can include things such as attaching a logo to a piece of clothing or sponsorship of an event
Generate income from static and digital advertising assets (large and small format), including but not limited to roundabouts, street furniture, washrooms, information points, ticket gates, vehicles, billboards, experiential and wraps.
We are also developing a framework agreement for commercial out-of-home advertising and end-to-end car park management.View RM6349 Income Generation from Estates & Assets. These 2 agreements will work together to provide a wide range of income generation solutions.
This is a new agreement. A number of suppliers are in the process of registering and will be appointed shortly. Please contact the category team atmarcommsandresearch@crowncommercial.gov.ukto discuss your requirements.
The agreement uses a DPS with a filtering system to help identify a shortlist of relevant suppliers to invite to competition. Suppliers can apply to join the agreement at any time throughout the life of the agreement.
For more information on the supplier registration process please view the quick supplier guide – how to apply in the Documents section below and theIncome generation DPS supplier webinar September 2024.
Example of Supplier registration on DPS – YouTube video showing supplier journey. Note you will need to select the Income Generation DPS when signing up.
If you would like to attend a supplier registration webinar please email marcommsandresearch@crowncommercial.gov.uk.

These are the benefits of the Income Generation from Estates, Assets & IP DPS agreement. 
generate income from your estates, assets and/or IP whilst in many cases providing added value services to your customers, staff or wider users
reduced procurement lead times: shorter timescales compared to an open procurement, freeing up time
improved efficiency: collaborative, cross-government solutions which remove duplication of cost and effort required to run a full procurement process
easy access: run mini competitions with specialist suppliers from across the UK
suitable for national, regional and local contracts
suppliers can join at any time providing flexible access to an unlimited number of specialist suppliers
