Vehicle Telematics Solutions
Central government and the wider public sector can use this agreement to lease, hire or buy vehicle telematics solutions such as vehicle tracking, surveillance and data extraction.
This is the description of the Vehicle Telematics Solutions agreement. 
Provides access to vehicle telematics products and services to help you improve the efficiency of your fleet operations and optimise your fleet, driver and risk management.
Telematics is a phrase commonly used to describe how information technology and telecommunications are used to track the movement of vehicles and extract data to inform decision making.
You can install telematics devices such as tracking devices, dash-cams, and plug and play devices into the On-Board Diagnostics (OBD) port to collect vehicle data. The data is then transmitted to a secure data hub which you can view in real time using a web-based portal.
The full scope of products and services available under this agreement is set out in the framework specification. This includes solutions such as:
telematics data extraction devices and solutions, such as On-Board Diagnostics (OBD), Can-Bus, plug-in devices and smartphone solutions
in-cab devices such as monitors, cameras and dash-cams
external cameras and CCTV
asset and vehicle tracking software
route planning software
event video recorders and incident data recorders
solutions for specialist and heavy vehicles including waste management or winter maintenance
workforce and/or fleet management optimisation solutions (devices and software)
driver and risk management solutions such as driver ID and driver benchmarking
products or services for covert operations and/or blue light related fleet and incident management.
We designed this agreement to allow suppliers the ability to adapt their offerings to meet your requirements. This ensures that they can provide the telematics solution that best meets your needs.
This agreement will run for 2 years until its expiry on 4 March 2026.

These are the benefits of the Vehicle Telematics Solutions agreement. 
Effective use of vehicle telematics will enable you to:
analyse vehicle usage to enable evidence-based decision making and policy development
achieve your carbon reduction policies and goals through improved fuel efficiency, driver behaviour, future vehicle selection and the transition to zero emission vehicles
reduce accidents, injuries and property damage through improved driver behaviour and driver training programmes
analyse the whole-life costs of a vehicle by assessing elements such as servicing, maintenance and repair costs
achieve your employer’s duty of care and meet regulatory compliance
improve your approach to risk management
