Demand Management & Renewables DPS
Supports public sector carbon net zero strategies by providing a range of energy products and services.
This is the description of the Demand Management & Renewables DPS agreement. 
Provides a range of energy products and services to help support the different stages of your energy project.
There is also the option to buy an end to end energy service. This will provide you with all the products and services you need to design, put in place and maintain your energy project from start to finish.
You will be able to access the following routes to market under a number of wider energy industry areas:
design and feasibility services
installation services
servicing and maintenance services: to maintain the working condition of your energy products and solutions
buy only option: allows you to buy assets only (for example buying solar photovoltaic panels ready for installation once the renewable energy strategy has been finalised)
decommissioning services: helps you to end or ‘decommission’ a service either completely or in parts in order for you to improve it
policy delivery: suppliers will help you to provide a new decarbonisation policy or help you to act on existing government policy
end to end service: access all the products and services you need to carry out your energy project from start to finish
For a full description of services and products provided, read our ‘Annex 1 – matrix of filters’ document.
This DPS uses a filter system to help you find local suppliers that can provide the services you need.
Some of the industry areas available include:
Solar photovoltaic
L.E.D Lighting
Hydrogen for heat
Heat Network delivery
Heat Pumps
Energy Bureau Services
Metering services
You will have the flexibility to choose from a range of regional and national suppliers. You can also award a contract with a supplier past the end date of this agreement.
Information for suppliers
If you would like to provide your services through this Dynamic Purchasing System (DPS), you will need to access the supplier bid pack. To access the bid pack you should:
go to the DPS web page
scroll down to the ‘buildings’ and ‘Demand Management and Renewables (DMR)’ section of the web page
We recommend that you read the DPS Needs document before registering onto this agreement (included in bid pack). To start registration, select ‘access as a supplier’ on theDMR web page.
Note:as part of the CCS financial assessment procedure, you will need to:
Note:
complete a Financial Viability Risk Assessment
provide the latest statement of accounts


These are the benefits of the Demand Management & Renewables DPS agreement. 
suppliers of all sizes who are seeking opportunities to provide services to the public sector can join this agreement
access an increased scope and range of services
create bespoke specifications, competitions and contractsthis means you are able to make changes so that they meet your specific needs
this means you are able to make changes so that they meet your specific needs
enables streamlined further competitions with capable suppliers by using filters to create supplier shortlists
supports localism and social value by enabling appointed suppliers to bid for business either locally, regionally or nationally
reduces your costs and procurement process time scales through the ‘further competition’ procedure
opportunity to directly access a wider supply chain for specialist services or one off needs
flexible contract terms including public sector contract and New Engineering Contracts(NEC) and Joint Contracts Tribunal (JCT) industry terms ·
supports government policy delivery within wider energy technologies
flexibility to meet the wider governmentsCarbon Net Zero (CNZ) 2050 targetand any future decarbonisation legislation
Some of the suppliers for this agreement have agreed to comply with theProcurement Policy Note 06/21: ‘Taking account of Carbon Reduction Plans in the procurement of major government contracts’. If a supplier has published a carbon reduction plan, you can find it on their individual supplier details page.
