Demand Management & Renewables Framework
Provides central government and the wider public sector with a range of decarbonisation products and services to support their carbon net zero strategy.
This is the description of the Demand Management & Renewables Framework agreement. 
Enables you to access a wide range of products and services to reduce your energy demands and support your organisations decarbonisation targets.
Products and services available includes:
access to energy products including solar photovoltaic technology (such as solar panels), heat pumps and battery storage units
design and feasibility services: helps you to design your energy project and identify how likely it is to meet your needs
installation services: to help you install your energy products and system
servicing and maintenance services: to maintain the working condition of your solar, battery storage or heat pump system
decommissioning services: helps you to end or ‘decommission’ a service either completely or in parts
You can buy products and services separately as and when you need. You also have the option to buy an end to end service. This will include all the products and services you need to carry out your project from start to finish.
Suppliers across all 5 lots can provide works and services throughout the United Kingdom.
There is no maximum contract length.
This agreement will run for 4 years, until 23 March 2027. There is no option to extend the agreement.

These are the benefits of the Demand Management & Renewables Framework agreement. 
experienced technical suppliers who can support on individual stages of a project or provide a full end to end service
we approve successful suppliers using a thorough selection process
all suppliers are assessed against the relevant industry standards
saves time and resource on procurement costs especially when accessinggovernment decarbonisation funding
supports government policy delivery within wider energy technologies
flexibility to meet the wider governmentsCarbon Net Zero (CNZ) 2050 targetand any future decarbonisation legislation
supports sustainable industry, prompt payment, social value and carbon net zero initiatives
customers can choose from a variety of different contracts, these are:New Engineering Contract (NEC)Joint Contracts Tribunal (JCT)Project Partnering Contract (PPC2000)Term Alliance Contract (TAC-1)
New Engineering Contract (NEC)
Joint Contracts Tribunal (JCT)
Project Partnering Contract (PPC2000)
Term Alliance Contract (TAC-1)
standard prices: this means that the maximum prices for this agreement are fixed for the first 2 years of the agreement contractyou may be able to ensure further price reductions by running a further competition or through early contractor involvement and effective risk management in direct award
you may be able to ensure further price reductions by running a further competition or through early contractor involvement and effective risk management in direct award
